okay I'm about to smash my face into pie
but I've been taking in smash into my
face so here's the price of coconut
Feeny why are you nervous about this you
want to do it so Alyssa's lifelong dream
is to have a pie smashed in her face and
this is actually something she wants and
there's the pie and so this is something
you are see like want this is not
something that you know I'm doing this
to you for being a bad girl or in that
stuff so you're not gonna call Child
Protective Services because I'm gonna
smash up on your face okay this is
something you want and then we have a
vacuum cleaner hey taco taco here this
is our vacuum cleaner our vacuum cleaner
is gonna vacuum the floor when the pie
is on the floor right taco look look
Paco
look hey all right great I hope you like
coconut coconut cream pie
all right you ready be sure you're very
nervous about this
just be happy and joyous hey you don't
look very happy you don't have to
business you know what - hey you see
very confident all right ready come on
so we'll hold on oh yeah we put the
camera down
yeah all right we got a where I'm at the
camera hang on a second okay you ready
you know you said you can't be recording
you can't move we'll get this off can we
do with your head come here your bank's
your whole head is gonna get a coconut
overlook okay you're gonna get on the
side of your head you can't laugh
suddenly what you expect you want to
count down from three you want to count
down one all right relax anyone
three owners do it I love the hand
yourself thank you Chris you want some
vodka talk up give me together lick this
up okay here we go
moving truth ready one two three
Paco backing it up yo you look beautiful
vacuum cleaner is not working everything
you thought it would be Oh God don't you
eat it that's great you are weird
this is ELISA eating the pie that was
just in her face that's disgusting
can you step the fire shock what what
what you want some ice cream